---
layout: default
title: Thorlacuin D&D Wiki
---
# Previous Sessions
### Episode 1: Chuckle Off
Afternoon of October 30th 🌕 2007

*Three months ago, the first citizen of Holodun was murdered. Found ripped apart, his guts glistening in the morning light. Their name was Grungus Dibblins. It was concluded that wolves had gotten into the town and stormed the open doors of the Laughter House, a comedy restaurant that sits on the edge of town. Chef Wigglies, the owner of the place, was devastated. He had left the doors open to his restaurant. Grungus suffered from severe depression and came to the Laughter House for a little spark in his dull, sad life. Now, he would never laugh again.
No further precautions were taken as nobody actually liked Grungus. And a month later… it happened again. Half of a late night visitor to the Laughter House was found strewn across the stage of the establishment. Her other half was never found. Her name was Dinkling. Though Laughter House’s reputation was forever tarnished, the second murder was eventually chalked up to just a coincidence. Nobody really liked Dinkling either.
A few weeks later the town’s parent teacher association were massacred by an angry student. Their souls, for whatever reason, did not pass on. Many stayed behind and resumed their place within society, to some protest. The culprit of the massacre was assumed to be the Laughter House Murderer, and is currently staying at the county jail, awaiting execution. The town of Holodun was in ruins, but at least there was an end to this reign of terror.
And then, almost a month ago tragedy struck once more. Another murder. Boisterous Barry, the town’s most beloved stage actor, was killed halfway through a set by some sort of vicious beast. Three audience members were also killed but they weren’t very well known. One survived, but is basically catatonic from trauma.
People are whispering nervously about the recent murders. Sheriff Riggins said the lead detective had solved the case and a few important townsfolk have gathered to witness his accusation. Chef sits next to his recently deceased friend and victim of the school massacre, Friday. Chef has always been a shorter, leaner man, but Friday you notice, after not having seen your friend in quite awhile, that he looks a little stockier today. You remember that he was drafted to serve on the town’s night watch a few months ago and he must’ve been beefing up! Chef, Friday is looking… pretty grisly. Since the massacre you haven’t been able to visit much, but up close you seem him as he truly is. You can see how the tips of his fingers are beginning to fade away. Now and then you notice what looks like puncture wounds on his chest.
Moments later the town’s leader, Detective Bunko, drags a pale, translucent figure into the room.*
