---
layout: default
title: "Episode 3: Hole in One"
in-game-date: "Evening of October 30th - Morning of October 31st, 2007"
---
# {{page.title}}

**{{page.in-game-date}}**

Friday and Alamrose head back to Holodun in the golf cart with Chef unconscious and hair as ever in the backseat. Friday tells a suspicious Tob that Chef has been bitten by some magical wolves and developed “partial wolf syndrome.” They take Chef to the hospital, where he is awakened and told his health insurance ran out months ago, and he cannot stay overnight. He is sent home on 1 HP, thrown to the curb by a nurse. Sheriff Cassidy tells them they’d better be back out there finding that big beast tomorrow.

Friday and Al help Chef up to the top floor of the Laughter House, where he sleeps. Al tells them that he was sacrificed by some cultists and he’s only been dead for a little over 12 hours. Chef offers to help him return to his home city Matha and figure out what happened to him, after this is all over. Al tells him he basically has to – he doesn’t trust Chef given the three wolf murders he’s been adjacent to, and will report Chef out unless he does this. Chef takes this fairly well, maybe because he’s near death and still kind of woozy from the full moon. Before he can pass out, there’s a knock on the door. Friday answers it and is introduced to Jimmy Business, a sleazy, wobbly looking man who lets himself in. He tells Chef that he’s behind on rent, and demands that in order to scrub his reputation clean, fabricate the beast’s death and throw a big celebration tomorrow, get some revenue going. Else he’ll be evicted.

Alamrose sleeps with a full body cast Chef in his twin bed. Friday returns home to find the babysitter, Barbara, stressed about not having gotten the kids in bed this late. It’s nearly 1am! Friday tips her, saying he got back too late, and puts his youngest Mardi to bed. He checks on Dimanche, who is smoking out of a gandalf pipe. He talks to Bruno, who was friends with Grant, the boy who killed the PTA parents… including Friday, unbeknownst to his kids. Bruno is upset. Barbara had suggested he take Bruno out for something fun tomorrow. He asks if Bruno has any info on cults, and Bruno promises he’ll look at the library later.

The next morning. Alamrose talks with Father Brick of the Church of the Corner, who tells him he should consider passing on, as is natural. He also introduces Alamrose to ‘the corner,’ a place where, just beyond sight, the answers to everything lie. OK. Weird.

Friday picks him up and they notice the court is in full session… for Grant. Now that the case is closed on the Laughter House Murders, they can shut the investigation on Grant down and try him for the killing of the Parent Teacher Association. When they finally try him for guilty, they decide whether or not to publicly execute him. Friday tries to intimidate Grant, asking him why he targeted them. He laughs and says nothing more. Friday tries to convince the room to keep him alive so that they can get more answers, but the room is not with him. Only a victim of Grant’s can save him from execution, so Friday reveals to the courtroom that he’s fading as well. With that, Grant is let free.