---
layout: default
title: "Episode 6: Hotel Wolf Part I: Nymph’s Promise"
in-game-date: "Night of October 31st to afternoon of November 1st"
---
# {{page.title}}

**{{page.in-game-date}}**

After the cops have left, Friday drops off Jimmy with Alamrose anad Chef and goes to pick up his kids from the Chuckle Mansion. Chuck is very relieved to have the kids taken off his hands; the kids are similarly happy to see Friday. He brings them home and they all decompress what they just experienced. Bruno promises to help Friday find out information about cults.

Alamrose and Chef try to trick Jimmy Business into thinking they tied him up and put him in Chef’s room for his own safety. Alamrose and Chef leave Jimmy and go to Friday’s house to talk to him about the Nymph’s Promise. When they get back to the Laughter House, they find a rope dangling from Chef’s open bedroom window. Gober confirms it: Jimmy has escaped.

The gang starts searching the recreational district for Jimmy. All of the lights of the businesses are off after a successful Halloween night. Gober squints his dead eyes towards a bush across the street. Acknowledging Jimmy Business’ part in the broader journey of eventually rescuing Golftor, Gober informs them, “He’s hiding in there.” Jimmy emerges as they approach and wobbles over to Chuck Mance’s Chuckle Mansion and rings the doorbell frantically, the gang close behind. They quickly knock him out and drag him behind the building just before Chuck Mance opens the door, cursing out the ding-dong-ditchers. Alamrose discovers to his horror as he pulls a small man out of Jimmy’s trenchcoat that he is in fact two small men stacked up on top of each other.

The gang wraps the Jimmys up in blankets and puts them in the back of the golf cart in Chef’s lap. Friday drives up to the gate and the guards stop them, telling them they’re doing checks at the gate after the breach in security. The guard asks about the two babies with adult heads, then squints and says… “Is that my landlord?” Friday GUNS it through the wooden gate, crashing the golf cart through it and a javelin narrowly misses hitting Chef in the back. The gang is on the run.

They make it back to the nymphs’ pond and find it completely wrecked. Nymphs are picking up their party supplies and fading into the woods with them. Alpha Gruesome and his men attacked their camp! They’re disappearing further into the forest. They deliver the two Jimmys to Eriphise the Bartender and ask what will happen of them. “Oh, probably some ritual sacrifice or something.” The gang is at a loss of what to do. This is not the rescue mission for Jimmy they imagined, and the burnout from becoming fugitives is immense. Before he leaves, Eriphise adds that if they’re heading after Alpha Gruesome they should look for his cousin, a cowardly nymph who was taken from the camp. The gang watches helplessly as Eriphise walks off with the other nymphs.

They track their way back through the woods until they find Hotel Wolf again, and continue on into the woods before a clearing full of thick pointy bramble. They crawl in and find a bunny bellhop in the lobby by a tree that shoots up through the sticks, dead vines hanging from it. The bunny asks if they’re with the wolves, and doesn’t question them further after they say yes. He says if they’re looking for the weird frail man who was recently brought here, he was locked up in the back section of the hotel. The bunny opens the hotel to them.

The gang heads to the back section and finds a pond with a wilting sapling in the middle of it, as well as an out of order elevator shaft built into a tree. Built into the bramble is a large locked door, before two other twisting paths, and in front of the door is none other than Ol’ Keyhands! A very skinny man with a key for a hand! He introduces himself to the party and asks if they’d like that big door unlocked, which Golftor is behind. They enthusiastically say yes. Well how-dee-doo! Alright then! He swivels around to put his hand in the lock but walks over a grate. Being near two-dimensional, Ol’ Keyhands falls right on through and dies instantly after a thirty foot drop. His bloody body and bent key lie below.

Friday uses his sixth sense abilities and senses Golftor behind the locked door. He also senses that the shaft Keyhands fell down is connected to the elevator tree, they just have no way of opening the elevator. The gang, disappointed, now follows the sounds of crying into a room with a sleeping dire wolf guarding a caged and crying nymph. They ambush the wolf and unlock the nymph, who introduces himself as Soseilis. He says the wolfmen have been making him cry because nymph tears accelerate plant growth. Chef knows immediately what to do. He argues that the nymph should stay with themHe collects some of Soseilis’ remaining tears in his waterskin and nourishes the wilting sapling outside, which grows in a matter of seconds into a horrific red tree dripping with blood, with flowers that refuse to bloom.