---
layout: default
title: "Episode 7: Hotel Wolf Part II: Bearfruit"
in-game-date: "Afternoon of November 1st to evening of November 1st"
---
# {{page.title}}

**{{page.in-game-date}}**

The gang discovers a small laboratory with a sad-looking flower wilting away in a potted plant. Behind a locked door, through the bramble they can see vials of strange pink liquid sitting on shelves. Alamrose empties the waterskin of nymph’s tears onto the flower and it, or rather, he, suddenly straightens up and introduces himself as Manflower, a horrific experiment rescued from a laboratory by Alpha Gruesome. He likes the wolves but they don’t seem to be too fond of him, so they keep him away and don’t water him. He says they stole some of the primer that was being used to make him, too. When the gang reacts with confusion, Manflower explains that they can fuse DNA with the aid of plants as a sort of medium.

The primers, unfortunately, are locked behind that door. Only one of the “higher ups” would have a key to that stuff, says Manflower. Where they are though, he has no idea. The gang really overconvinces the bunny belhop that they’re wolfmen again, and then head deeper into the hotel. Through a vacant room’s corroded wall they peer into a neighboring occupied hotel room and notice a key lying on a hook on the wall, with half a dozen sleeping wolves sleeping amongst a litter of stray branches.

They try the door – it’s unlocked. A few sad bees hanging out by a stick in the ground say hello and cry on Chef. Chef asks the bees, “Can you talk?” He receives a blank stare in response. Alamrose considers sneaking over the sticks, but is not keen on being surrounded by wolves, or dying again, for that matter. Instead, Friday pulls the branches apart in the wall and fits Gober’s small gnomish frame inside,  creating a shortcut to the key. Gober reaches the key but wakes up one of two gay wolves, assuming all of the wolves are male here, which is actually not clear, and throws it through the hole in the wall, hastily putting himself up for sacrifice before even the one wolf had gotten up yet. He buys the gang no time though. Chef sets off the fire alarm which wakes up ALL the wolves, Friday tells a joke and singles out a werewolf amongst the pack who understood it, and Alamrose throws oil on a wolf, which promptly gets himself bit and downed.

Chef bursts into the hotel room and asks the wolves “Can you talk?” before shooting a wolf with his musket. Gober is ripped to shreds. CHef tries to explain their sudden and violent presence but the werewolf sees through his lies and his pack chase him down the hall. Before they can finish him off though, all of the hotel rooms burst open and a river of wolves flood the hall. Chef swims against the current into the hotel room with Friday as the werewolf is carried downstream. Friday disguises himself as a werewolf and heals Alamrose with a spare potion, taking him as a pretend prisoner. Friday puts Gober’s remains in his fanny pack and him and Chef swim through the wolves and out into the lobby, watching the werewolf get carried away into the woods.

The gang returns to the lobby and Sosileis is horrified to find pieces of Gober overflowing from the fanny pack. He wants to leave now. Not just yet, Chef says. They get three of the primers but don’t know what to do with them. A squirrel climbs the elevator shaft tree and laughs at the gang, who are unable to climb. Chef asks Sosileis if the nymph can talk to the squirrel. Unenthusically, he can. They follow the squirrel over to the lobby and watch as Sosileis and the squirrel chitter away at each other. Sosileis tells them that the squirrel doesn’t like people that much! Friday uses his knowledge of illusory magic to disguise himself as a gnome and presents himself to the squirrel. Friday says he promises the squirrel some gnome nuts for his help. Sosileis chitters away “tch tch tch tch tch gnome nuts tch tch tch’ and the squirrel responds “ohhh! tch tch tch gnome nuts? tch tch tch tch!” They have a deal. Friday thinks better of having the squirrel ride on his illusory gnome shoulder.

The squirrel gets to the top of the elevator shaft tree and is about to climb inside the trunk when he gazes a little too lovingly at Friday’s gnomish form, and distracted, teeters off the edge and hits the ground with a sickening splat. They decide to use the blood tree, like the Manflower suggested, to grow a new squirrel. They mix the primer some squirrel blood with the soil, but nothing happens. Realizing they need some tears, they ask Sosileis to get on the soil. Friday tells him such an incredible knock knock joke that Sosieis cannot help himself, and begins to rock back and forth on the roots of the blood tree, crying with laughter. Flowers sprout out of the ground beneath Sosileis, the roots of the tree start to curl, and beautiful pink fruits blossom with bushy squirrel tails coming out of the stems. Friday and Alamrose pick them and hand one to Chef, who cracks it open. He sees a pit inside, but otherwise, no squirrel…

So he takes a bite. Suddenly Chef is but a pile of clothes, and a small squirrel erupts from where he once stood. It’s Chef! Chef climbs the tree, retrieves some blood of Ol Keyhands’ below, and brings it back up. They mix the soil with the primer and the Ol Keyhands’ blood and create some sea green Keyhands fruit, which is fed to Chef. Chef grows a metal key out of one of his stubby arms, a key so large that it’s as big as the rest of his body. Unable to move, Friday inserts Chef into the door and unlocks it. They try to feed Chef another squirrel fruit, but it only makes a second, less alive squirrel grow from his key.

Inside a densely wooded grove they find Golftor tied to a rock. Before they can untie him, the werewolf from earlier returns. He rants about how he sleeps with the regular wolves because he’s not respected, but all that’s about to change because he’s gonna catch the instigator of tonight’s shenanigans. He takes out a blue fruit with two bear ears on it and takes a bite just as Chef throws an iron weapon and hits, not scathing him. “My name’s Jared by the way, what’s yours!” he shouts maniacally as he begins to transform. He charges Alamrose and knocks him out. At Golftor’s command, Chef plunges his hand down the Golftor’s underpants and retrieves a silver hammer and some silver bolts for Friday. Friday retrieves a healing potion from the Golftor’s butt and revives Alamrose, and the three finish Jared off together.

As they’re exiting, Golftor thanks them for saving him, expressing how happy he is to get back to Gober. Not wanting to lie to him, the gang splits off for a second, leaving Golftor with Manflower alone. They decide they have to be upfront and tell him about Gober. Before they can do so, Golftor sees some gunk on Friday’s shoe and goes to clean it off. What he picks up is Gober’s disconnected eyeball.