---
layout: default
title: "Episode 8: Hotel Wolf Part III: The Great Golftor Escape"
in-game-date: "Evening of November 1st to morning of November 2nd"
---
# {{page.title}}

**{{page.in-game-date}}**

The gang escapes into Alpha Gruesome’s hotel room just as the wolves come back into the room. AG’s room has a back wall completely open to the elements – and a 50ft drop, which Friday attempts to conquer. Magically modifying his jumping abilities, he leaps to the canopy of a nearby tree with Golftor in tow, but slips on the branch and only manages to get Golftor to safety as he plummets to the bottom, almost shattering his body. Alamrose and Chef hide in the closet, not before taking a few potions.

Alpha Gruesome notices Friday’s gnomish disguise at the bottom of the cliff and talks to him briefly before noticing something is up: his potions are missing. He goes to check his animal hide closet, finds Chef and Alamrose, and Chef immediately transforms into a werewolf at will, almost as if from a nervous reaction. Alamrose tries to size Alpha Gruesome up as some werewolf supremacist but Alpha Gruesome tells him it’s about a lot more than that. It’s about the call back to the wild. It’s about bringing down civilization. And he’s not about to let some abomination like Alamrose live in this world any longer, unpunished for breaking Golftor out.

As Alpha Gruesome rants, Golftor ties all fifty pairs of his underwear into a rope and slides down to Friday at the base of the tree, retrieving his silver hammer, then climbing 50ft back up the tree. Alpha Gruesome strikes Alamrose down but before he can finish the job, Golftor throws a silver hammer at him. It does little to take him down, but it distracts him enough to be taken by surprise from Chef, who shoves him to the ground, tripping him over the underwear rope that is now tied to the hammer. Alpha Gruesome turns around, ready to leap into the tree and strike Golftor, but he has already been ensnared. Golftor yanks on the underwear rope and knocks Alpha Gruesome off the ledge.

Alamrose and Chef take turns dropping his signed Bowls Wilsky bowling ball, his desk, and other garbage on him, knocking him out. Even Manflower agrees to be smashed on top of his head. Chef puts Manflower in an empty potion vial from then on. The gang escapes, finds the golf cart, and drives back to Golftor’s Putting Green.

That night, Golftor urges the rest to help him take down Alpha Gruesome. They agree to help. Friday orbs home and gets the babysitter to take care of the kids for a few more days, but can’t sleep after. He helps Golftor develop his latest weapon against the wolves: a steel defender. The following morning, the gang decides to head to the city nearby to stock up on silver weapons, not before saving Jimmy Business from the nymphs, should he still be alive. Before they leave, Golftor gifts Friday the defender, tells him he’s more the parent type anyways. Friday names the construct… Pooky.