---
layout: default
title: "Episode 10: Putters University Part I: Callousness at the Caviar Contest"
in-game-date: "Morning of November 3rd to sunset of November 4th"
---
# {{page.title}}

**{{page.in-game-date}}**

The gang tricks the panther into eating a squirrelfruit and chase it around the lodge until it turns back into a panther, and then Friday pretends to be Andi and puts on a show with Pooky to scare it away.

The gang drives up to New Hortus and they make their way to the Putters University New Hortus portal campus, where they find Professor Hardon finishing a class. He tells them that silver weapons are an experimental research project happening here at the university and only students can check them out, so they’d have to enroll in order to take them out. They enroll in some classes and electives and Prim, Professor Hardon’s soap golem apprentice, shows them to their room with Chaz, the fourth roommate and a massive gnome grass stoner. He and Chef get ungodly high as Alamrose leaves for class and Friday goes to Tony’s Bagel to find Steve Steve.

At Alamrose’s class, Alamrose is made an example of in a lecture about the Flumen Anima, the current that takes souls into the next part of the cycle, and how its disruption leads to loose specters. Alamrose compares it to vore, which causes the professor to end class early. Some Omega Alpha brothers, brothers’ of Chaz’s, invite Alamrose to their party. Any party. They have one every night.

Friday finds Steve and they talk about their lives, their children, and their aspirations. Steve says he’s always looking for clues, clues that could help solve the untimely death of his very old dog, Blue. Steve takes Friday past the druid circle peninsula and they take turns grabbing each other’s hands to point at different animals, like turtles and frogs. Eventually they kiss. Steve asks for Blue’s urn’s permission to engage in a longer kiss.

Chef pays the Jimmys to get a hotel in New Hortus and they go to bed. Friday puts Gobeddy Bear in a box. Pooky shares Friday’s high dream about Gobeddy Bear opening the box and telling him it’s OK to let him out. That morning, Friday takes the bear to the weirdest people he can find. According to Chaz, that’s the biology department. He meets Professor Fiore, who’s in the middle of a chat with Prim. His voice is oddly familiar. Fiore takes the bear but thinks nothing of it.

Later at Chef’s culinary class, Chef takes a midterm competition against Cooks Adams. Friday and Alamrose serve as judges. Chef is all tied up with him, but suddenly a ceiling tile falls on Cooks! Chef and Friday go to his rescue, permanently disbarring Friday from his culinary judge position and almost throwing the game, but Chef quickly goes back to finish his caviar and win the midterm. Friday, disgusted, yells at him and leaves for his golfing elective.

There, Friday takes a big spanking paddle and just shoots it as hard as he can. His professor freaks out when he realizes he sent the ball towards campus. Back on campus, Alamrose tells Chef that he thinks what Chef did was fine. Logically, caviar and no dead guy is better than JUST no dead guy. As the sun sets, Professor Fiore opens his window and yells at them that he wants no part in this weird bear prank anymore. It just told him to go to bed! As he’s yelling at them, they notice he’s putting sunflowers on his window and suddenly the voice makes sense. It’s Manflower! Just then, Friday’s golf ball drops from the sky and knocks him out cold.