---
layout: default
title: "Episode 11: Putters University Part II: Ghosts, More? Ohno!"
in-game-date: "Sunset of November 4th to morning of November 5"
---
# {{page.title}}

**{{page.in-game-date}}**

Alamrose asks a student, Toby, for directions to the infirmary.

The doctors tell Alamrose that Professor Fiore is in a golf coma and may not come out.

Friday meets up with Chef and they spar a bit. Alamrose tells Friday about what happened and Friday realizes it was his fault. Alamrose inhabits Professor Fiore’s body and finds weird memories: a tree dripping blood, a nymph trapped in a glass cage, and a metal shaft heading deep underground. For some weird reason Friday suggests they hit up Steve, a former detective, to investigate.

Steve meets with them and decides to help the case. He has a talking mailbox, and talking curtains! Chaz is also here. He’s been here the whole time. Smokemancer.

They investigate the office and find Toby guarding the room. He lets Alamrose in on a white lie, Alamrose snags some pink liquid and some flower notes. At this point Steve thinks this is an elaborate lie because he has weird talking things, they’re trying to get him to believe in weird talking flowers, which can’t possibly exist. Friday convinces him it’s real by telling Steve that he, Friday, is real. This makes sense. Steve is back on board. He goes to investigate the kids on the golf team to see if they could have had motive to kill Professor Fiore.

They go to a party with Chaz! Walsh and Joe convince Alamrose to join the frat, Alpha Omega. Friday gets drunk and greases the dance floor to impress Steve, getting Steve a black eye and getting them kicked out of the party, except Alamrose. Alamrose decides to get hazed so he can get inducted into the frat. He’s left hanging above The Mound, a mound of pillows. He cuts himself down and lands on the pillows, which are surprisingly hard underneath?

That night he sleeps and has a dream he’s down with the nymph and the blood tree, and he floats up the metal shaft and bumps his head on some wood. He hears Gobeddy Bear’s voice: “it’s time to let Gobeddy Bear out of the room!”

Then he awakens, and goes back to the dorm room covered in tar and feathers. He tells them about the dream and they go back to the office to find a small crowd formed around a dead Toby. Gobeddy Bear sits on the shelf, four fingers up. Steve grabs the bear (he’s in with the police) and they head to the druid circle to light it on fire. The bear fights back with wooden claws but Friday freezes its mechanisms with magic, and beheads the bear.

Alamrose and Steve figure out to go back to the office. Alamrose sneaks in through the back window and push the desk open silently. There’s a shaft heading down under the earth, and Manflower’s voice is heard from below. “Hello?”