---
layout: default
title: "Episode 13: Putters University Part IV: Intro to Cult Studies"
in-game-date: "Afternoon to the night of November 5th"
---
# {{page.title}}

**{{page.in-game-date}}**

Still in the underground laboratory where they hope to find out more about Toby’s mysterious murder, our three heroes find themselves hiding from frat-guy Joe and another guard. After a very poorly thought out plan involving complicated bacon puzzles and the freeing of a dinosaur, they manage to knock out Joe but the other guard gets away. During the fight, Alamrose inhabited Joe and found out that Alpha Gruesome used to be in the same frat as Joe. Chef also manages to grab Joe’s silver sword; The group are now one step closer to getting the silver they came to Putter’s University for. The three leave the laboratory and discover an odd chest that’s larger on the inside. They tie up Joe, put him in the chest, and find out that the inside of the chest is another mysterious laboratory. It’s filled with vials, weird mushroom samples and a seemingly-living chunk of pink goo that recoils whenever silver is held near it. On the way back to the dorm, Friday is kidnapped by shadowy cultists. Chef and Alamrose go back to their dorm room, tie up the box and hide it. Then, Legs Jimmy and Head Jimmy come knocking on the dorm room door. They demand to know why they haven’t received the silver legs they were promised; Chef tells them that Friday, Alamrose and him need 4 more days before the university will let them have any access to silver. The Jimmy’s begrudgingly accept this excuse and leave. Now out of danger, the two try and figure out what to do next. But before they can come up with a plan, one last twist is thrown their way: The arrival of Friday’s son Bruno, who has come all this way to tell Friday that Alpha Beta is actually a cult. When asked how he got all the way here, it's revealed that Bruno is not alone: He's with the terrifying wolf-hunter Andy Darkshadow.