---
layout: default
title: "Episode 14: Putters University Part V: Alpha Beta Forever"
in-game-date: "Night November 5th to early November 6th"
---
# {{page.title}}

**{{page.in-game-date}}**

Andy Darkshadow orders Chef to come with her back to Holodun; Someone from there has hired her to find the beast that has been tearing people to shreds. Chef and Alamrose try and fail to change her mind and end up going with her. Before they can leave, a yell comes out from inside the chest and Andy becomes suspicious about what’s in it. Alamrose is forced to open it. After some discussion, Joe offers to pay Darkshadow double to kill Chef right here, because his dad is in “Big Trees” and very wealthy. A fight ensues. During the fight a weird pink mist fills the room. Chef escapes the room and finds Demache and Bruno outside. He goes back inside to go get Alamrose so they can get out of here. Joe is killed by Alamrose (stabbed multiple times). Chef reaches Alamrose and damages the panther pretty good but gets downed by him. Alamrose takes a bear fruit and roars to intimidate but ends up unintentionally alerting two guards, who then enter the room. 

Meanwhile, Friday wakes up tied to pillows. Walsh and two other brothers are there and question him as to the whereabouts of Joe. [Some other stuff, I wasn’t paying attention] They remove the pillows and reveal a star shaped symbol underneath. Friday’s fingers start nightmarishly disappearing. The frat bros go upstairs, suspecting that cops have just arrived. 

We cut back to Chef and Alamrose. Andy and the panther escape through the window. The two guards see the ghost bear, decide “fuck that” and leave. Alamrose goes after Andy. They spar but in the end Alamrose runs back into the dorm room. Andy and Moonshine don’t follow him. He arrives back in the dorm room and 6 guards barge in with crossbows. Only one of them hit Alamrose but it knocks me out. They both wake up a few hours later. They wake up in a dark office. Someone sitting in a regal red chair swivels around. It’s Dean Humdinger. He knows they’re responsible for the murders, he knows they saw the laboratory and he knows they have the key to Professor Fiore’s chest. Dean Humdinger tells them they’re expelled and goes to inject them with poison. Walsh asks to [mutilate?] them instead, thinking they don’t deserve such a merciful death after killing Joe. The dean agrees, saying they have to be dead by sunlight. They’re bound and stuffed into Professor Fiore’s chest. 

They’re pulled out of the chest into the same room that Friday is in and thrown onto the same altar as him. Walsh asks them to share their least favorite things. They do. They are then moved upstairs to a party.